Hello everyone, I did not get in touch
This was due to the fact that you can say
I played in a cartoon and was busy
building this base but now the base
I have already built another project
and today I decided to make a video about all
pistols that can be found in this
the game will start with a magnum revolver is rare
and a revolver by the way here so here it is
looks like i think everyone saw it
rare revolver which can be found in
civilian buildings and military
bases
he uses a winchester clip with six
charges
Obama can be replenished with the most simple
civilian patrons who are
absolutely everywhere
what is a feature of this
revolver he is the most powerful ie his
damage is 65 percent it means
that ordinary zombies and civilians can
kill one shot in the head for
the military will need two shots also
he weighs only 0.7
kilograms advantage body makes
worn for heavy damage from a shot
enough to kill civilian zombies
with one shot to the head also
winchester clip requires only one
cell civilian ammunition for
doing also a little weight makes
his easiest to put in the game
as I said earlier from the flaws as well as
all the guns in the game magnum possess
slow pace of shooting that is impossible
using tactical modifications though in
principle
You can wear it to fit
absolutely everything but
there is no practical meaning
no because even the muffler
jamming is not entirely correct, you can
say well, it makes no sense
attach different sights and
because it is a melee weapon
but it hits for sure also has the most
short shooting range exactly
half from colt or beret and has
bright color that makes it noticeable if
you play against other users and
shoots very loud well by the way not
louder than a deserted falcon or digle or
10 falcon as it is called here what is
the next culprit is desert falcon
it is the second most powerful gun in the game
for charging use swift store and
the most common civilian ammunition
do 50 percent damage and weighs
one and a half kilograms can be attributed to
advantages of the company can
include a high damage radius and
great damage for both the gun but also
there are drawbacks quite loud
shot and rather rare pistol on
the fact that you find it in
principle can be in all locations locations in
which there are police officers that is
this is either a ship moorings an abortion they
either the confederation bridge or others
cities where there are medical departments
or on military bases in principle to
it also has all the modifications
tactical but practical sense from
they are no
what
the third gun I chose beret and
takes and this is the rarest variety
pistol main seat and and slept on
this police stations and military bases
use the label shop at 13 patronum
by the way this is the biggest store
of all and replenished with the most ordinary
civilian patrons advantage damage
more than a colt colleague
which will be later but still worse than that
desert falcon big store
this is really an advantage to the wallpaper
just one pack
civilian ammo is also light weight
high damage radius compared to
other pistols but also a lot
disadvantages compared to the colt pace
firing
leaves much to be desired is hard to find and
there are also almost no shops
meet but
Benefits include gadgets
because really gadgets for
this gun
very important you can put on it
red dot sight ie red sight
point or holographic sight
and also very well suited to him
silencer and light overwhelming nozzle
what can be said about baron
damage by 30 percent and bleeding
100 meters distance provided
rate of fire two hundred minute shots
that is, he and the fastest
the gun of all and the very last
this is colt
the colt has a shop for seven rounds then
There is basically nothing special
but this is one of the most common
in the game types of firearms for
Charging use light not georgian and
the most ordinary civilian ammunition
prevalence advantage and
used by common stores
and ammo but unfortunately flaws
more small amount of ammo 7
useless on
the later stages of the game that is when
user and relatively pumped
because it is the weakest of
pistols and also inflicts a small
damage 3 shots civil and two in
head or same 5 shots of a military zombie
and 3 in the head but you must agree
now well they said
let's take turns shooting now
here are just a lot of zombies let's
probably dressed
PNV to make it easier to notice the zombies and
let's go shoot we'll shoot by
the queues of all the guns well what's the first
zombies for him we needed as
said two shots but
civilian for civilian needed
just one experience switch to
other desert eagle
agree it is really very and
very loud
but we carried
multiple probes
Well now let's use our
beretta
much quieter but as you can see
spend a lot more ammo and they
by the way end quickly and by the
the last we left was just a ring
he is much louder and confused by him
as you can see, that's why we take the most
ordinary ahaha well, let's start hacking
our detractors
Well and on this principle in the video
review ends next time i
tell you about auto and floors
automatic rifles
well all the best and until next
review